Correcting behavior of QUOTED_IDENTIFIER database setting. (#7133)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/databases/database-properties-options-page.md

 When **SIMPLE**, queries are parameterized based on the default behavior of the database. When **FORCED**, [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] parameterizes all queries in the database.  
  
 **Quoted Identifiers Enabled**  

>  Specifies a database default for the whether [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] double quote `"` is used to specify delimited identifiers (TRUE) or varchar literals (FALSE). Possible values are **True** and **False**. For more information, see [SET QUOTED_IDENTIFIER &#40;Transact-SQL&#41;](../../t-sql/statements/set-quoted-identifier-transact-sql.md).  This database will amost always can be overriden for a session, since most client drivers SET QUOTED_IDENTIFIER ON at connection time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Specifies a database default for the whether [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] double quote `"` is used to specify delimited identifiers (_true_) or varchar literals (_false_). Possible values are _true_ and _false_. For more information, see [SET QUOTED_IDENTIFIER](../../t-sql/statements/set-quoted-identifier-transact-sql.md).  This database default setting can be overridden by a session's setting, and many client drivers SET QUOTED_IDENTIFIER ON at connection time.

```
